Replace USB cable link in Bluetooth doc (#23630)
home-assistant/home-assistant.github.io: source/_integrations/bluetooth.markdown

Some systems may not come with Bluetooth and require a USB adapter. Installing an adapter for the first time may require multiple restarts for the device to be fully recognized.

> If you experience an unreliable Bluetooth connection, installing a [USB extension cable with a Ferrite Bead](https://amzn.eu/d/gZFaY7F) may improve reliability.

Author: ```suggestion
If you experience an unreliable Bluetooth connection, installing a short USB extension cable between your Bluetooth adapter and your Home Assistant server may improve reliability.
```
